Fix components description docs (#143)
vtex-apps/product-summary: react/components/ProductSummaryDescription/README.md

## Description

> `ProductSummaryDescription` is a VTEX Component that render the product description.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ProductSummaryDescription` is a VTEX Component that renders the product's description.
```
